cdc add description about avro float incompatible change (#13059) (#13186)
pingcap/docs: ticdc/ticdc-avro-protocol.md

## Topic distribution

Schema Registry supports three [Subject Name Strategies](https://docs.confluent.io/platform/current/schema-registry/serdes-develop/index.html#subject-name-strategy): TopicNameStrategy, RecordNameStrategy, and TopicRecordNameStrategy. Currently, TiCDC Avro only supports TopicNameStrategy, which means that a Kafka topic can only receive data in one data format. Therefore, TiCDC Avro prohibits mapping multiple tables to the same topic. When you create a changefeed, an error will be reported if the topic rule does not include the `{schema}` and `{table}` placeholders in the configured distribution rule.

## Compatibility

> When upgrading the TiCDC cluster to v7.0.0, if a table replicated using Avro contains the `FLOAT` data type, you need to manually adjust the compatibility policy of Confluent Schema Registry to `None` before upgrading so that the changefeed can successfully update the schema. Otherwise, after upgrading, the changefeed will be unable to update the schema and enter an error state. For more information, see [#8490](https://github.com/pingcap/tiflow/issues/8490).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When upgrading the TiCDC cluster to v6.1.6 or a later v6.1.x version, if a table replicated using Avro contains the `FLOAT` data type, you need to manually adjust the compatibility policy of Confluent Schema Registry to `None` before upgrading so that the changefeed can successfully update the schema. Otherwise, after upgrading, the changefeed will be unable to update the schema and enter an error state. For more information, see [#8490](https://github.com/pingcap/tiflow/issues/8490).
```
